hey guys welcome back to the channel
having done a video in a little while
been kind of crazy with holidays and
everything going on but we're back we're
gonna take a quick look at how to
eliminate Mouse lag while using vsync
let's do this alright first off we know
what vsync is and if you don't vsync is
vertical singing it's to keep your
images on your video games from
splitting basically when you're going
across the screen it's a smooth like
this if your screen rate is higher than
or if your frame rate is higher than
your refresh rate you're going to end up
getting a little caring actions
basically like that you can you do this
one or two different programs you can
use both to do the same thing you can if
you've got a video card by EVGA you can
use the EVGA precision X to do it
otherwise you can download an MSI
Afterburner from MSI column what you're
going to end up actually doing is you're
going to set the framerate limiter
you're gonna set the framerate limiter
to 58 frames per second and what that's
gonna do is that's gonna lock your frame
rate from going over 60 this is only
effective if your monitor is 60 Hertz it
was 120 Hertz you don't worry about this
going sorry though otherwise you go
ahead first set your frame rate limiter
or your max frames per second to 58 you
could do it at 60 but it's your it's not
gonna work I don't know why it just
doesn't 59 it's hit missed 58 it's good
to go
then what you want to do is load up your
game go to your game set your vsync go
ahead and turn it off
now when you log into the game and
you're playing it it's gonna be crystal
clear
super smooth silky still look great
you're not gonna have the mouth lag
you're gonna try and make it up mouth
sight but it's not gonna happen
now you will see mouse lag occur if you
don't have the horsepower to maintain 58
frames per second if it starts dropping
you're gonna get mousseline so just bear
that in mind I'm using the GTX 660 not
TIA
I have no problems whatsoever in most
games the only thing that gives me any
trouble is Metro 2033 it is what it is
otherwise I do it in battlefield 3 even
on multiplayer Counter Strike global
Offensive no problem Borderlands 1
Borderlands 2 they all work great
especially portal 2 is 4 tubes
Beautiful's
but it seemed better if you don't do
that but I'm going to jump into a little
spring casting show you guys how to do
that all right guys all right guys I'm
having a little trouble with some screen
casting but this is essentially what
you're gonna do you're gonna start off
at your desktop you're gonna go and
you're going to start and I'm using EVGA
precision X we're gonna load it up right
there if you look down at the bottom get
different options I go to frame rate
target enable it we're gonna take it
down to 58 frames per second we're gonna
hit a plot now that it's in there it's
good to go gonna go up am gonna start
Counter Strike global Offensive and you
can see up in the corner it's got the
frame rate locked at 57 58 we're gonna
go back to options video settings
advanced right down here wait for
vertical scene we're gonna hit yeah yeah
yeah see they're recommended for the
blah blah go ahead and turn it on for
triple buffering reply I'm gonna hit
play we're gonna go offline with bots we
go dude restore an arms race and then
I'm set to hard let's go case anybody's
wondering the webcam is attached to my
hat
alright guys here we go just gonna grab
a Counter Terrorist and I started up if
you look here you can see it perfectly
smooth I'm back out hopefully you can
see the mouse in there you can see zero
input when we turn it down there you go
no input lag at all and that's how you
do it
alright guys thank you for watching like
the video if you enjoyed it subscribe if
you want some more I will keep things
going until next time don't get on